<h4>Speeches and more</h4>
We are very keen to incorporate both British and French traditions in our wedding. So in addition to the wedding toasts, we will be having what the French call "animations". They are short pieces - sketches, songs, musicals, games, videos, embarrassing photo compilations etc. - prepared by friends and family for the bride, the groom and the other guests. If you have an idea and would like to volunteer, please contact Joël Gay (joel.gay01+gwed@gmail.com).

<h4>Should I make a week-end of it?</h4>

Definitely! There are plenty of <a href="https://www.breconbeacons.org/things-to-do" target="_blank">places to see and visit and many hiking opportunities</a>. In terms of accommodation, you'll find options all around the area as it's popular with walkers and holidaymakers. Abergavenny is easiest to get to and is a famously foodie town, while Crickhowell will have you at the heart of the action (it also won the UK's Best High Street title in 2018). Brecon is also a larger town about a 20-minute drive away. Either way, there will be a range of options available to you - the following link has details for <a href="https://www.breconbeacons.org/where-to-stay" target="_blank">accommodation in the National Park</a>. 
<br><br>
<h4>How are you going to handle a trilingual wedding?</h4>
We would love to incorporate elements of both our Welsh and French cultures into our wedding day. On the day, you can expect to hear English, French and Welsh spoken. During the ceremony, most of the “official” bits will take place in English, but the Welsh and French languages will be represented via other contributions. We will provide written translations in the order of service so you can follow what’s going on in your own language. We'll do our very best to include everyone in each part of the celebrations - and if you'd like to take the opportunity to dust off your high school French you will have our full support!
<br><br>
<h4>What should I prepare for?</h4>
As with everywhere in the UK, you can never make any guarantees about the weather! 
In practice, the weather is generally fairly mild here in April, though rain is always a possibility. The mean maximum daily temperature in Wales is just over 13°C, but this does vary quite a lot - in 2018, the max temperature was around 20-25°C (spot the statistician). Given this, it’s a good idea to be prepared (something to cover your shoulders, if not a coat, and an umbrella). Rebecca is working on a removable fleece lining for her dress, as well as sunglasses, a white bridal pac-a-mac, and some suitably fetching wellies in a bid to cover all the bases (not least of which will be style).
<br><br>
All paths around the church and the village hall are paved, and parking is available within 100-200m, so you shouldn’t have to walk any long distances or wade through any mud. These options remain open to you should you wish to find a nearby field. If you intend to get involved in the dancing (and we hope you will!) you may wish to select appropriate footwear for hopping, skipping, and swinging your partner in the appropriate manner (or opt to remove your shoes come the evening - no judgement here).
